Okay i saw this video is all about getting started with HP.
We're going to take a look at the basic pay HP syntax.
The way to roll it out and do a helliwell example.
So to get started were going to go over to the Haiti docs inside your local host and then create a new
folder.
And Nicholas falder the HP basics.
And then drag this folder into your text editor.
So I'm gonna use brackets by Adobe.
And then drugger enter them.
So to get started and when I create a HP page just at work and would so create a new page with a command
or control and inside brackets.
And first of all I want to say this page.
As Hell world.
Make sure it's got the p HP extension at the end.
So save that inside chb basics.
And then we need to create a basic case to mail skeleton to begin with.
So I am using the emett plugin.
So if you not use night youll need to type this all manually.
But if you do download at or you need to do is type in hates jimo call on 5 and then hit the tab.
And then it fills in all the hate email 5 scale and for you.
So let's call it the hello world.
Then let's get to work within the body section.
OK.
So to work with HP we need to provide a opening and a closing task.
So the opening site mph P looks like this.
It's the angle brockett question mark an MP HP and it indicates that P HP cold is what start then at
the end of the BHP when it's a close in tigg which is a question mark and the right angle rocket.
So all the P HP cold goes in between here.
So the first thing I do is just print some text to the browser so and when to do that with a Echo.
So type in Echo and then because it's going to be text when he put it in quotations.
So hello world.
And then at the very end we'll close a statement with a semicolon.
So say that.
So this is how we print something to the browser use and pay HP.
So go over to your browser.
And then type in the local host.
And then go to the file that you put inside the heggessey Docs.
So it's back to basics and then hello world.
So there we go.
So display in the browser is a text that would just echoed of Hello World.
We can mix a much p HP in amongst.
Hate him all.
So instead of having the title as typed in there which is what's called hardcoded.
Someone said it typed in there we can open up the page.
Be an end to the echo.
Hello world.
And I made sure the BHB is closed off with a question mark on the angle brackets.
So save that.
And then if we refresh we should now see that the title at the top of hell a world is now being produced
with BHP.
So just to make sure or type in impy HP and then refresh.
No obviously this has been generated with the HP sort of a mix and match the BHB in amongst.
Hate to metal as long as you have the open homepage beats args and the close and BHB tags properly set.
Comments impy HP is similar to lots of other languages.
We can comment out some code that were no longer needs.
All can use a comments to type in some notes.
For ourself or the programmers that we want the program to ignore.
So for example if we no longer wanted to display this morning the.
To ignore it would use to forward slushes and can see the text editor makes the lango great so can tell
us being commented out correctly.
Selfish say that and then refresh.
That should disappear because it's no longer being processed.
So let's just remove this.
Comments are also useful for creating notes so I can make a note to our Self say in display.
Hello world.
To the browser.
And this is what's called a single line comments.
Would you want to comment I'll a single line of code.
Would you use the two forward slushes.
If you want comments I'll more than one line.
We can use that word a multi-line comment.
So it's a forward slash and a star.
And then I can comment on more than one line.
So will paste in the hello world two or three times.
And end that with a star a forward slush.
So this is how your comments are one line and this is how the comments out more than one line.
So in small p HP section only the single echo of hello world will be displayed in a browser.
So before with the title will look to uddin HP in amongst.
Hates Jim L..
We can also add hate to multiple eggs in amongst patch P and these will be displayed in the same way
as if there were hate email.
So for example in the echo.
Hello world.
If I wanted this to be a hate email level one hedin LOOK put the hate email Tug's of hate one.
Before the text.
I know what a hate warm clothes and Saag after this.
And then instead of being displayed as normal text this an RB a level one heading.
Self was save there and then refresh were norgate HELLO WORLD hours a heading in the larger font size.
Unequal.
In any time that you want so I can do the same.
Ah this was a page too.
And save and let's go over to the browser and there's our level to head in also.
Okay such basic P HP syntax.
That's how we can echo or print text to the browser.
And also how can comment out cold as well as combined p h.b. would hate Jim L..